I can't see your center.
But I can see your wishes clearly
Huacan Group Ruth Ci Mr. Lu is here
This family
This happened at the Huacan Group dinner
Mr. Lu
I'm having a good time
What are you guys doing?
Mr. Lu and the two of them pretend to be the chairperson
An impersonated heir
I'll hand him over for you
About our Huacan Group
When is the turn?
To you a little waiter interrupts
Mr. Lu, I am not a waiter
I am the second miss of the Jiang family
It turned out to be the second miss of the Jiang family
In my eyes, you are not as good as the waiter
Mr. Lu, I know you want to deal with them yourself
It's our fault for meddling
But we finally got to see you
Regardless of this waste posing as an heir
What did I tell you now?
I hope you believe that our Jiang family is innocent.
I want to end the cooperation
Otherwise, our Jiang family will really pay it back.
What does the dead disciple of the Jiang family have to do with me?